Allow governance to write to app tables (#7088)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.0.8]

[6.0.8]: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-6.0.8

### Changed

> - The governance constitution may now write directly to public application (ie - non-governance) tables. Note that this access is _write-only_, so these tables can still not be read from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The constitution's `apply()` function may now write directly to public application (ie - non-governance) tables. Note that this access is _write-only_, so these tables can still not be read from.
```
